Name: "New Beginnings 1"
Player: "And then I take a right…"
Player: "I think I’ve finally reached the rainforest!"
Narrator: "Hello Journalist. You have arrived at your destination."
Narrator: "There is a lot of magic to be found in this place, but a lot of destruction as well."
Narrator: "Use your camera to document your journey through this place."
Narrator: "Here, I will help show you around."
Narrator: "There is an animal in need nearby. I’ve made a trail to take you to them."
Goal: Enter Forest1HabitatA "Reach the end of the path."
Setup: Path Forest1HabitatA
Next: "New Beginnings 2"

Name: "New Beginnings 2"
Narrator: "Take a picture of the animal to document your journey."
Narrator: "Use the key ‘z’ to enter camera mode and then use WASD and your scroll wheel to position the camera. Use ‘space’ to take a picture when you are ready!"
Goal: Picture Forest1HabitatA "Take a picture of an animal whose habitat is in danger."
Next: "New Beginnings 3"

Name: "New Beginnings 3"
Narrator: "Nice! The picture has been saved to your photobook."
Narrator: "There’s a lot more animals in need nearby. Find them and take pictures of them as you explore this place."
Player: "How do I find more animals?"
Narrator: "There are a lot of animals that you can interact with and help. You can help animals when you see them, or you can do things that help the environment such as picking up garbage and depositing them in the garbage."
Narrator: "You will accumulate points when you help out. When you get enough points, you will unlock guidance towards another animal in need."
Player: "How do I help animals?"
Narrator: "You can start by interacting with them."
Goal: Interact Forest1HabitatA "Interact with the bird."
Setup: Interact Forest1HabitatA Dialogue Berry
Next: "New Beginnings 4"

Name: "New Beginnings 4"
Narrator: "It seems the bird wants a berry. Pick up a berry and give it to him. "
Player: "There is a berry on top of this small hill here, but I am unable to reach it."
Narrator: "Remember when I said there is a lot of magic to be found in this place? In this place you are able to turn into some other animals. Press ‘2’ to turn into a rabbit."
Goal: Turn Rabbit "Turn into a rabbit."
Next: "New Beginnings 5"

Name: "New Beginnings 5"
Narrator: "Nice! Each animal comes with different stats for running, jumping and more. Use your rabbit form to jump higher. You should be able to get the berry and give it to the bird."
Goal: Give Forest1HabitatA Berry "Give the bird a berry."
Setup: Interact Forest1HabitatA Give Berry 
Next: "New Beginnings 6"

Name: "New Beginnings 6"
Narrator: "You are also able to turn into other animals as well. Each number 1-4 corresponds to a different form. Use this to help you out on your journey."
Narrator: "Since you have accumulated enough points, a trail has appeared to lead you to the next animal."
Narrator: "Good luck!"
Goal: Picture Forest1HabitatB "Take a picture of an animal who has lost their habitat."
Goal: Picture Forest1HabitatC "Take a picture of an animal who has lost their habitat."
Next: "New Beginnings 7"

Name: "New Beginnings 7"
Player: "There are so many animals whose habitats have been destroyed. There must be some cause resulting in this."
Player: "Deforestation is taking place, let me find where the person causing this is."
Goal: Picture Forest1A "Take a picture of the deforestation area."
Goal: Inform Forest1 "Inform the person who is harming the environment."
Setup: Interact Forest1 Dialogue "You don’t have enough pictures yet."
Setup: Interact Forest1 Inform Forest1HabitatA Forest1HabitatB Forest1HabitatC Forest1A
Next: "The First Healing 1"

Name: "The First Healing 1"
Player: "Hey, what are you doing?!"
Forest1: "Chopping up the trees."
Forest1: "Gotta use trees to make more paper, more furniture."
Player: "Your work is harming a lot of animals in the area. Their habitats are being destroyed because of your actions."
Forest1: "..."
Forest1: "What can I do to help?"
Player: "Well for starters, maybe we can stop cutting down the trees. Then maybe we can start replanting some of the trees."
Goal: Heal Forest1 "Replant the trees for this section of the forest."
Goal: Picture Forest1B "Take a picture of your work."
Next: "The First Healing 2"

Name: "The First Healing 2"
Forest1: "Now what?"
Player: "I think this section of the forest needs a protector to prevent others from harming it as it heals."
Forest1: "I can do that!"
Player: "Thank you so much!"
Player: "Hmm… I’ve taken a lot of photos already. I want to view the pictures I’ve taken."
Player: "Let me head back to my truck. I can use ‘T’ to toggle on and off the path back."
Goal: Open Photobook "Open your photobook."
Name: "The First Healing 3"

Name: "The First Healing 3"
Player: "Wow, it looks like I still have a lot more pictures to take. I should go and explore the area. Who knows what I might find?"

Name: "The Fishing Scheme 1"
Fishing1: "So hard to find fish these days…"
Player: "Well that’s probably due to the overfishing."
Fishing1: "Overfishing?"
Player: "That is when you fish more than what is naturally replenished."
Fishing1: "Well how can we get more fish then?"
Player: "Well you can’t. But you can reduce your fishing so that there will always be fish for you every day. You will need everyone else to agree to it too."
Fishing1: "Fine."
Fishing2: "Okay."
Fishing3: "Okay."
Player: "Great! Let’s set the limit to 10 fish a day for now. If you are caught going over your limit, the other two get to split your fish for the week."
Fishing1: "Sounds good to me."
Fishing2: "Okay."
Fishing3: "Okay."
Player: "I’ll check in the next day."
Goal: Wait Morning "Wait until the next day."
Next: "The Fishing Scheme 2"

Name: "The Fishing Scheme 2"
Goal: Interact Fishing1
Next: "The Fishing Scheme 3"


Name: "The Fishing Scheme 3"
Fishing1: "You’re taking more fish, I know it!"
Fishing3: "No I’m not! I only took 10 as agreed!"
Fishing1: "I know you are!"
Player: "Woah, what’s going on here?"
Fishing1: "He’s took more fish than he was supposed to, I know it! I saw him."
Fishing3: "No I didn’t. You don’t have any proof."
Player: "I’ll investigate the area and see what I find. If I don’t find anything, he is innocent."
Goal: Interact FishingStash "Find the stash of the fish."
Goal: Picture FishingStash "Take a picture of the stash of fish."
Next: "The Fishing Scheme 4"

Name: "The Fishing Scheme 4"
Player: "Great, I’ve found evidence. Let me get back to the fishermen."
Goal: Interact Fishing1
Next: "The Fishing Scheme 5"

Name: "The Fishing Scheme 5"
Fishing1: "See, I knew you took extra fish!"
Player: "As per agreement, the fish you get for the rest of week is to be split amongst the other two fishermen."
Fishing3: "..."
Fishing2: "Yes! Free fish."
Player: "See to it that you follow the agreement from now on."
